can i see ip adress in 
routuing
link btw tables 
data base connection
interview Questions on Meanstack
we transfer
 DT20195840250
3d flip cards
::Proficient understanding of web markup, including HTML5, CSS3
::Proficient understanding of client-side scripting and JavaScript frameworks, including jQuery
::Good understanding of advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks, such as AngularJS,
::Good understanding of Bootstrap, Semantic UI.
::Good to have hands on experience in core java
::Develop modern software applications, working with the UI Team
::Should have experience in publishing and consuming Services using REST API
::Strong coding, profiling
::- Experience with a front end MV- framework (such as Angular) and other JavaScript libraries (jQuery)
::Experience of core web technologies (such as HTML5, JavaScript, Ajax, DOM, CSS3)
::- Guide team development efforts towards successful project delivery.
::- Detailed knowledge of the software life cycle
::- Problem solving skills
::
Technical Skills: Angular JS, Javascript, JQuery,CSS,HTML 5
::Delivering a complete front end application
::Deep understanding of client-side development, hand-coding in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript ES6, and jQuery.
::Strong experience using a client-side MV* framework such as NodeJs, ReactJS,AngularJs
::Experience with handling Services, RESTful, APIs.
::Excellent interpersonal, written communication skills and verbal agility.
Experience with Git.
::Good understanding of how browsers and DOM work.
::Demonstrate ability to handle multiple projects simultaneously, effectively manage priorities and communicate progress.
::Proficiency with fundamental front end languages such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
::Good leadership skills, proactive, motivated and able to work in teams.
::Develop new user-facing features
::Good understanding of SEO principles and ensuring that the application will adhere to them.
::Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git /
::Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders
::Ensuring work is delivered on time
::Assure that all user input is validated before submitting to back-end
DP World is an Emirati marine terminal operator. 
The company is based in Dubai and is one of the largest marine terminal operators in the world. 
Mina Pro is a program conceptualized to build a new IT application by DP World to enable Automation of Business Processes along with paperless Operations in Container Terminal-1 & Terminal 2. 
It also enables Interfacing with multiple silo Enterprise IT sub-systems of DPW that operate in different technologies and interfacing modes.
Highlights:
•	Managed the Container Terminal-1 & Terminal 2 Paperless Operations
•	Supervised the Automation of Container Terminal-1 & Terminal 2 in Business Processes
•	Spearheaded the de-coupling of on-field devices from operational systems including TOS, MRO, Roster, PLC, Control Systems to create a fluid dynamic seamless operations
•	Gained standard user experience on all on-field devices irrespective of back end systems including all CHE, Quay Cranes, ITV and Hatch Clerk, Onboard Foreman, Supervisor, Shore Foreman, troubleshooting Clerk function support using on-field device
•	Monitored the integration of alerts with Central Control and Monitoring System (FLMS) to increase operational oversight possible replacement of all VMT, RDT and procurement of supervisory function tablets


::Optimize application for maximum speed and scalability
::Proficient understanding of cross-browser compatibility issues and ways to work around them.
::Develop new user-facing features.
::Build reusable code and libraries for future use.

Seeking for a challenging and developing role with Anular and Javascript Expert in developing Responsive & Interactive websites|Expert in CSS3, HTML5, Bootstrap, and Angular JS|Very good knowledge of JavaScript, and JQuery
Delivering a complete front end application
Develop new user-facing features.
Creating the FrontEnd Web page wrote the code for BackEnd server code

WP:
9579828.